A brief explanation of how to use this control
----------------------------------------------


This control is used to obtain information about the current XMMS2 status.
It allows you to detect the current playing song, it's id3 tag values, and
current playing time.

In order to use this control in your display you should follow the "protocol"
described here. You should know that XMMS2 works on client-server based model,
and this control will behave like a client, whose name is 'gDesklets-XMMS2'

1) To obtain information about the xmms2 current song you should first connect
   to a xmms2 server, to do this you must first supply the server name using
   the set_server variable of the IMusicPlayback interface, which this control
   implements. If you don't set any server the default will be used which will
   probably work well.

   Then you need to start the server, it's done setting the start variable
   to True. If the connection is estabilished this same variable should
   have the value True after that. So, don't forget to check the variable
   value. It may be interesting to have an initialization function in your
   display, like the example bellow:

   def start():
      xmms2.start = True
      if not xmms2.start:
         add_timer(10000, start)

   In this example xmms2 is a control implementing the IMusicPlayback
   interface. Each 10 seconds it tries to connect to the server. You may also
   use the IExec interface to start the server if it's not running, instead of
   retrying to connect.

   You can also bind a function to the start variable, so you can detect when
   you get disconnected to the server.

2) After connecting to the server, the variable get_current will be updated
   everytime a "change song" event is fired. That is, everytime a new song
   starts to play get_current will be updated. When it happens, you can
   peek the variables get_artist, get_album, get_title, get_tracknr,
   get_duration, get_date and get_genre to get it's corresponding values.

3) Also after connecting, the variables get_playtime and get_albumart will
   be updated when appropriate. Their values should be used only when updated.
   The first one, get_playtime, contains the current playtime of the current
   playing song in miliseconds. The second, get_albumart, contains the uri
   of the albumart of the current playing song.

4) That's it. If you didn't understand anything, look at the sample displays
   or email-me.

Gustavo Cipriano Mota Sousa <gustavocms@gmail.com>
